hey hey aren't you excited we're going
on a honeymoon yeah I am
Buda Bahama come on pretty mama that's
right get out of your system over alone
hey we came to say goodbye
yeah have a great honeymoon Thanks I
better go pack oh no I already packed
the only thing I couldn't find that was
your speedo you know uh I don't have a
speedo I'm gonna go pack my regular long
bathing suit oh good you're still there
I didn't tell you to have a good
honeymoon oh thank you oh and I also
wanted you guys to know that I am
telling the father today
what what what we know it's Ross Oh how
do you know it was his sweater but oh my
god oh I still wanted Ross to know first
but I am so relieved that you had no
grades and I'm gonna be your baby's
uncle to me you're all gonna be
answering oh yeah but I'm not one
related by blood okay all right so now
that you guys all know you could help me
give me some advice on how I'm gonna
tell Rach what were you gonna say well I
was gonna tell him that I'm gonna have
the baby and he can be as involved as he
wants well that sounds good give it I
you know how do I start
what what's the first thing that I say
okay great thanks good luck yeah hey
what is that all about well I guess
there's no harm in telling you now um
Rachel and Ross are going to have a baby
what I didn't even know that why didn't
you tell me why am I talking like this
I didn't think you could keep it a
secret what I am an excellent secret
keeper I had kept all of our secrets
what secrets oh no no Joey I'm not gonna
tell you because I am an excellent
secret keeper you tell me later you
already know